docs: #717 tiered storage delete behavior (#1047)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/tiered-storage.mdx

### Enable Tiered Storage for a topic

Tiered Storage uses the following topic-level properties:

| Property      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `redpanda.remote.write` | Uploads data from Redpanda to cloud storage. Overrides the cluster-level `cloud_storage_enable_remote_write` configuration for the topic. |
| `redpanda.remote.read` | Fetches data from cloud storage to Redpanda. Overrides the cluster-level `cloud_storage_enable_remote_read` configuration for the topic. |
| `redpanda.remote.recovery` | Recovers or reproduces a topic from cloud storage. Use this flag during topic creation. It does not apply to existing topics.  |

> | `redpanda.remote.delete` | Deletes a topic and all topic data, including data in remote storage. To delete a topic but retain data in remote storage, set to `false` before deleting the topic. This property requires that both remote read and remote write are enabled, and the topic must not be a Remote Read Replica topic.<br/><br/>Default is `true` for new topics, including new topics on upgraded clusters. Default is `false` for topics created prior to release 22.3. |

Reviewer: The tense is a bit odd: when I read "Deletes a topic and all topic data" it sounds like maybe _setting_ this property causes the data to be deleted immediately.

I would tend to explain it as "When set to true, deleting a topic will also delete its objects in remote storage.  When set to false, objects in remote storage will be left behind when the topic is deleted"

Author: Thank you, @jcsp! Here's the revised text: https://deploy-preview-1047--redpanda-documentation.netlify.app/docs/manage/tiered-storage/#enable-tiered-storage-for-a-topic

If remote write is enabled, log segments are not deleted until they’re uploaded to remote storage. Because of this, the log segments may exceed the configured retention period until they’re uploaded, so the topic might require more disk space. This prevents data loss if segments cannot be uploaded fast enough or if the retention period is very short.

:::note

> Starting in release 22.3, when you delete a topic in Redpanda, the data is also deleted in cloud storage. See [Enable Tiered Storage for a topic](../../manage/tiered-storage/#enable-tiered-storage-for-a-topic)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in version 22.3, when you delete a topic in Redpanda, the data is also deleted in cloud storage. See [Enable Tiered Storage for a topic](../../manage/tiered-storage/#enable-tiered-storage-for-a-topic)

Want to be consistent with our doc UI, which shows "versions" not "releases"
```

Reviewer 2: Want to be consistent with our doc UI, which shows "versions" not "releases"
